1. What are some problems that customers have with the current system?

2. What are the reliability requirements (uptime, update rate)
	100% is probably not.  98% of time. 

3. What search criteria should the employees and customers use to find flights? For searches, filter date and destination.  

4. Should a customer be able to check out or search without an account?
	No checkout, needs account.  

*5. What should be included in management reports?
IF you want to know more, manage knows about how many flights we sold during the months, or per average how many flight cancellation and delays.  

6. Is the empty seats formula based only on this airline?
	Only to a specific destination.

7. Which city/cities in Arizona are flights going to?
Phoenix

*8. Should flight information be saved into a user/employee's account?
Yes.	
9. How should customers receive a confirmation number? (email, notification, etc)
	Optional.  PDF, (don’t worry about sending an email)

10. Should there be an additional fee for baggage or a baggage limit per customer?
Only Domestic flights on United Airline policy.

11. Do all the flights have to go through SLO or can planes go directly from one area to the other? All go back to SLO

12. Do other airports schedule their own flights to this airport?


13. Should we produce an error message for flights that cannot be scheduled?
Yes, system should say.  

14. What flight statuses are there? What is the definition of the status? Should we track airplane position in real time?
Ontime, delay, cancellation

15. What does checking in do? What happens if a customer does not check in? If a customer does not check in does their seat count as empty? 
PDF seat number, name, confirmation number, airplane number, date, etc.  EMPTY SEAT = nobody purchased it

16. How early/late can a flight be scheduled (by employees) and booked (by customers) before it takes off? Bi-weekly. (scheduling) 2 hours (booking)

17. Should we allow a customer to book a one-way flight?
Just round trips.  Can pick date range.

18. For customers that purchase in groups, can one customer's account buy tickets for other people? If so, are they required to put in identifying information?  DO they get separate confirmation numbers? How many maximum tickets can a customer purchase?
Yes, they all have id info but all get one confirmation number.  20 seats. 

19. Do all airplanes have the same number of seats? Does the employee enter the seat count when registering a flight?  20. 

20. During the first two weeks, how will seat price be determined? If a flight is completely empty, should it be cancelled? Is there a minimum price that seats should not drop below?
Dictated by formula.   As long as we have 1, it will fly, otherwise it will be cancelled.  

21. Is there a brand or color scheme that the GUI should follow?
Green and Yellow. 

